Reorder accessibility test your skills for consistency (#42964)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/accessibility/test_your_skills/css_and_javascript/index.md

}
```

The finished content should look like this:

> {{ EmbedLiveSample("css-js-ally-2-finish", "100%", 300) }}

Reviewer: Height needs to be increased in this result frame

}
```

> We've not shown the finished content rendered, as it doesn't look significantly different to the starting state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've not provided a finished result for this task, as it looks the same as the starting point.
```
